Hold up you beautiful person, if you wanna do anything more than read yaks you gotta download our new update.Now you can search and save custom peek locations anywhere in the world!So do yourself a favor and shower yourself in the glory of this new update. Ride on.
Toodaloo, mothafuckaaaa
#wingsovereverything
Not at the table, Carlos! 
Your language is offensive!
Just passed Schatz walking with some professional-looking guys in suits. Didn't hear much of the conversation but I did catch the words &quot;Nobel Prize&quot;.
Is this the real Caesar's palace?
I still can't figure out which side of the building my room is looking out of
It's not illegal, just frowned upon
What do tigers dream of?
God. Yik Yak makes me want to barf today. Come on, guys. You go to NU. You can't all be vapid and brain dead.
What day is it? &quot;MOVIE MONDAY!!!&quot;
I'm not downloading the new update because I like that Yik yak calls me a beautiful person everytime I open it 
Watching a YouTube video in 144p, in conclusion fuck you Plex
White privilege is when Microsoft Word doesn't underline your name
Drunk before 6 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
my mom gets more Facebook likes than I do 
It's warmer outside than inside &gt;&gt;&gt;
If a girl doesn't use the vagina machine at the gym, did she really go?
Hey again Hale
Do guys actually undress women in their minds? 
Do they check the wifi to see if we're streaming pirated stuff?
Do you ever see someone having fun/relaxing and wonder what their major is
The way you looked at me with those big blue eyes... I didn't realize it before, but it is clear now. You can have me.
Date ideas? We wanna be outside for part of it. Ready go 
ah Mondays. when there's still time to not fuck up schoolwork for the week but you know it inevitably will happen anyways 
Male pornstars are always hard at work
drunk tindering is all fun and games until the people you interact with on a daily basis also swipe right two days later 
Really hoping this chem midterm doesn't make me its bitch..
Halloweed! Halloweek! Hallo...wait, nope never mind I have finals.
Best part of fall is walking on crunchy leaves ??
If I was as good at studying as I am at playing Bejeweled I'd probably stop fucking playing Bejeweled all the time
Didn't wear a bra today and I just felt so free. More shirts/dresses should be made to specifically not show your nipples so I can do this more often
I'll take Thanksgiving break and Christmas break right now. Oh, and add spring break too with a side of summer break
&quot;I'm so stressed over my Halloween costume&quot; says a girl deciding which bra to wear and how many whiskers she wants or maybe devil horns
As a guy, I think dates don't happen as much at this school cause..Wtf do we do on a date? Girls help
I'm not even a tree, but fuck squirrels. 
Sending packages to myself like a mini Christmas every time I get a package 
Each incoming freshman should be given a squirrel to send and receive mail. We've got enough of them  on campus to pull this off
Is it too late to drop a class this quarter?
Professor: who are we at war with? Me: we at war with terrorism, racism, but most of all we at war with ourselves  Professor: okay...?
The most heartbreaking thing about college is realizing that you should give up your dream for something more practical :/
No better feeling than proving all your high school teachers wrong by getting an A on a paper that you did in fact write the night before it was due
S/o to everybody just trying to get their work done instead of fucking around on yik yak. You da real MVPs.
&quot;I've fallen and I can't get up&quot;?
i identify strongly with that one black squirrel on campus. 
Feeling like a pimp after you read the whole paragraph in front of the class without stuttering
When you understand the topic so little that you don't even know how to study for it so instead you just sleep 
Why isn't there a course I can take in power napping??
Don't walk while yik yakkin, I just ran into a bush. Ppl saw.
Could the opera singer outside of Hinman like..not tho
are you a door? Because I wanna come inside you
These leaves are crispier than ur mamas vagina
There's nothing worse than a hookup request without a hint
Warning, they're people hiding in the piles of leaves scaring bypassers 
i have really high dating standards for someone who is totally 'the funny friend'
Dont ever ever start the season 4 finale of breaking bad 20 minutes before a class and think &quot;il just finish it after&quot;
Real Talk: Super attractive person who you have a decent 'human connection' with or decent looking person with an incredible 'human connection'
Cool Michigan shirt bro!
Yes Netflix, I'm still watching
If I see your profile picture is still a prom picture, I immediately stop pursuing you. 
If you are still yakking about ZBT or Kappa, you are a bandwaggoner, we no longer care, and if ur still mad then do something real instead of just yakking about it. Good day!
All I want is Taco Bell lava sauce to come back on the menu
Coke so white it plays the victim when its racial privilege is called out
It was Kappa and ZBT present Jail N' Bail and ZBT gets none of the blame. Classic male privilege 
When you're on the toilet for so long that your feet fall asleep &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
When you're too wired on caffeine to fall asleep when you finally get the chance to nap &lt;&lt;&lt;
I said &quot;Indian food gives diarrhoea&quot;.  White liberals be like &quot;that's racist&quot; Indians be like &quot;you've got a weak stomach&quot;
It says something that the Mayfest app is so much longer and more difficult than the SESP app.
I miss keg mondays
There's a special place in hell for people who actually piss ON the toilet seat. 
I could write my essay due tomorrow or I could PTFO I'm gonna PTFO 
Sex to music is a college thing.
So, if I fire him and make his successor do twice the work...
Beta bar night: where you are allowed on the bus as long as you have their &quot;Halloween drink&quot; first 
There's probably not gonna be a day this nice for the next four months. Take a break and go outside
Frozen candy bars are the shit. I'm so fat.
I love walking by the music building and hearing students just belting it out 
If you go to Northwestern and don't complain about fucking everything, did you really go to Northwestern?
On my 21st all I could think about was that Hagrid is 10 yrs late. #lonelyandforgotten
I can't believe NU does Dance Marathon every year. This event clearly targets white people who can't dance 
I so sick I have Fbola
Coke so white it can't be systematically oppressed due to racial privilege 
What's on your mind?
Yik Yak was better before the positivity. Bring back the libel. 
Never take a bid for granted until it's in your hands
Spotted: mice in Elder
Marshmallows and milk
Prof. Weiss, you are absolutely evil. That is all.
eating a snickers bar on the way to spac and i'm not even ashamed 
Senior year: the weird contradiction that is interviewing for real life during the week and blacking out on the weekends. 
Best way to get over someone is by getting on top of someone else 
state school buddy: &quot;knew a girl who'd study on the library for a midterm early morning until the exam, take it, then go right back and study for the next. too much, right?&quot; - me: &quot;...haha yeah.....&quot;
Can we please stop with all the frat/sorority bashing? Yes, some of them may have reputations, but incessantly insulting them is unnecessary. At the end of day, we're all wildcats ?
Just watched someone aggressively kick a pile of leaves. Midterms got me down too kid. 
huge shout out to KD for brightening my day with their confidence campaign. y'all are wonderful.
What's ironic is being late to class because you were too busy planning your schedule for the week
Freshmen losing their shit over 'No place I'd rather be'
S/o to the squirrel by the arch with a run over tail. He's a trouper
S/O to all the dudes complaining about Kappa. We know you still want to fuck them. 
my wifi dying for minutes at a time is definitely a sign from god to stop doing my homework and nap instead
I can't believe phi delt hasn't capitalized on the deathly hollows symbol yet 
Teacher just asked for an international student's opinion on color and culture difference. He called on me. I'm not international.. ):
Looks like a fashion show in graham, do less ladies
Anyone else seen the McLaren outside of bird?
The tinder struggle when there are two girls in the picture and you find out the dime is the friend..
Scariest Halloween costumes of 2014 (1) Ebola. (2) life after college. (3) accidentally liking your crushes Instagram picture at 3am. 
Got so high last night that we searched for our friend for half an hour and he helped us look
One hears it a lot on airplanes: &quot;Make sure you have your own mask on, before helping others with theirs.&quot;
Trying to live without someone who used to mean everything to you is like walking through a dark room without light: not impossible but fucking difficult 
If you're a man, and you go to chipotle and get a burrito bowl....are you truly a man?
Hearing people come into your study area talking so you look up to give them the &quot;don't you bring your noisy self in here&quot; glare 
Anyone have any lube I can borrow? I need to prepare for this psych 205 test tomorrow. It's really gonna fuck me in the ass. 
&quot;I can't wait to go trick or treating on walnut!&quot;
comment with a specific song, show, movie, food etc. that is 10x better when you're stoned
To the two DG girls that were just in shaw...your both gorgeous 
Bubble Tea ???
I wish I could get a refund on this whole college thing 
I commute. How would a girl react if I brought her back to my parents house?
Looking to treat a young woman to a nice dinner before perhaps enjoying the remainder of the night with a bottle of wine and Netflix back at my apartment
*writes sociology paper* *uses the boondocks as a source*
Just added cheese to my boxed Mac n cheese.....
When you let yourself get used by a guy yet again&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
That awkward moment when you have a dream about your ex giving you head
You would think that everyone on campus would be having sex at least once a week with these huge amounts of work load and stress.
I miss my tan
Whenever I crave insomnia cookies it pretty much means I'm getting insomnia cookies 
What's goin on at centen? 3 ambulances are here for the second time today
Some bangin hot girls in chipotle tonight
Alpha Chi Rho is trying hard to improve their image. I guess their effort is pretty nice. 
Saw some white girls singing outside of Starbucks. They must be the pumpkin Spice Girls
If you ever feel unattractive just remember that you look like your ancestors and hey all of them got laid. 
Wishing I had a heated toilet seat 
Fluffhead
Pasta bar makes Mondays infinitely better.
Doesn't matter how far or fast you run, your problems will always be right next to you.
how do guys on this campus feel about tattooed girls?
I wish it was socially acceptable for people to just be like &quot;wanna fuck?&quot; I mean, we all wanna fuck. No point in dancing around it. 
wish there was a club where we could all get stoned and meet new people
Shaw has vanilla trix milkshakes 
Guys- those of you who are juniors and seniors are you still just trying to fuck girls or are you looking for a relationship? 
Still rolling from that girl dressed as a sumo running on the quad #YouDaRealMvp
Film school = watching movies that physically and literally don't make sense.
How bout now? Cuz I'm up right now. 
Rush theta chai latte 
*gets absolutely nothing done*  Well time for a break 
*lights flicker &quot;nosferatu!&quot;
&quot;I don't know where this came from but it ended up between my legs&quot;
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
I can imagine what sponsler's room looks like. He always brings weird stuff to the lecture hall. 
Remember that time Halloween had a soft opening last weekend before the real opening this weekend? 
Somebody stole my car radio and now I just sit in silence 
A girl asks if anyone is using the empty chair while your eating alone. Then she sits with you
Seeing people sober who you've only interacted with when you were both completely trashed is interesting 
High school: yeah I'm only gonna do weed  College:yeah I probably wont do heroin.
Find a girl who will let you fart in front of her 
Can't wait to watch halloweentown and eat candy
That awkward moment when your biggest fear becomes reality :I :( :,(
MIND UR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS PEP
Awkward moment when I ask for guac in the wrap station and I forget it's not extra.
I really hate when people slam slam their keyboard while they type. 
Whats you're single favorite dining hall food. Comment!
Gifford Auditorium: where your GPA goes to die
Schine quesadillas do a number on my insides
Some guy just walked across moon with a Pabst in his hand...no fucks given 
I MISS MY FUCKING PARENTS ?
Sponsler was more in-the-know than I thought. He just referred to some metals as &quot;basic&quot;?
Remember when Tebow was a thing and people got Tebow-Broncos tattoos? I wonder what those people are doing now
Have you guys ever wanted to join a roller derby team? It sounds really fun!
I just want to sleep
I should start taking my laptop and other valuables with me during fire alarms in case it's an actual fire some day
Sorry about the fire alarm at Ernie people, I was just showing this chick my mixtape. 
Can we make a collective effort to down vote every yak about Greek life during rush 
I wonder what Shakespeare would yak about. He was quite satirical.
I was not about to leave Ernie without my pie that I was warming up in the microwave. Excuse me? I have a meal plan, I use it accordingly 
Current mood: sitting on the floor eating Mac and Cheese with my fingers 
Who knew there was an emoji for Art majors?
Well then. Off to archbold gym then
Never yawn without covering your mouth...not because of manners, but because your friends will snapchat you with a dick in your mouth.
I really enjoyed science in high school. Now that I'm at Syracuse my worst classes, both grades and interest, seem to be my science courses. Should I think about finding a new major, or hang in there?
SOS I just want to eat dinner
We want to reach out and tell someone about our problems but they seem so illegitimate so we hold them in and the cycle goes on and on and on
Las Baelicias
When i can see her thong through her yoga pants &gt;&gt;&gt;
So glad Monday is OVER. 
I'm surprised pledges don't complain more about their hazing on here
Sometimes I wonder how the dumbest yaks get 100+ upvotes 
How long does it take to get over a girl you dated all through highschool because I'm fucking sick of feeling like this...
Can't stop won't stop getting takeout food 
Guys who are into Art turn me on?
Love when my alarm turns out to be the fire alarm
Add that fire drill to the list 
Girl called herself an Oreo in AAS. ..noooo this what we're trying to fight! Smh
Anal: like pooping but backwards?
My music paused when on the bus and idk if the girl in the white jacket in front of me was talking about sex or not but she can get Lol.
time in che106 seems like forever today
*Uses Ouija board* N E W  P H O N E  W H O  D I S
That awkward moment when you expect to get a lot of likes on a photo but end up getting like 2 likes. 
To the guy going across the quad on heelys, save some ladies for the rest of us
They have syracuse university garters in the bookstore...
I love seeing professors on bikes
Forak's Volleybae Squad...nuff said
DPS doesn't even bother trying to enforce the new lanes on comstock 
Iam a guy whos need a girlfriend ??
So I'm currently working on an app that will deliver fast food to dorms for a low price ( up this if you're interested)
If you're blonde and have a fat ass I will treat you like a princess. 
Now this is the story all about how my GPA got flip turned upside down
There's a reason my ass is called junk.
Nurse: do you smoke? Me: yeah, no, i mean i only smoke when i get drunk. Nurse: *starts laughing
Does giving head to all the desperate guys on yik yak count as community service?
Why are guys so pussy when it comes to eating ass , I love that shit ( if she's bae ) ( and showers before ) ( and has a thong)
Those who know binary and those who don't.
People are really getting 3-4 costumes and are asking me what I'm dressing up to be I'm like... Bruh does it look like shitting money
Bae was lookin hella good today! ?
I need to find a Halloween costume for Thursday. What should I get. And I'm a guy
About to chef up some steak for when my boyfriend gets out of work. With a tossed salad on the side.
Who likes a good sex with a great girl?
That moment when you think the   Guy next to you is commenting on your yak talking shit.
I miss my friends HS sometimes :/ 
You are a NEW roommate. You don't be moving shit around. You ask! 
JWU guys need to learn how to go down?
Girls in equine could get it but they're all kinda weird in a way 
My battery doesn't last as long since I've installed yik yak ?
It is such a shame a guy so pretty with an ugly heart.
Is it bad I contemplate commuting everyday simply because my roommates are assholes 
I'm gonna be that guy in 10 years still rocking my ipod classic
Any girl wants a guy friend to go out with into the city? 
Next girl I'm in a relationship with has to be blonde with a booty idc 
It should be illegal for people to come to college in a relationship 
Group projects are the absolute worst
I miss the feeling of falling in love 
Got ebola Cheerios right here 
when a yak has -4 votes and God yells to me 'FINISH HIM' 
You know you're a wildcat when you recognize the sound of a JWU bus from a mile away
My friend didnt know what ISIS was. I almost chopped her head off
Everybody on here be going mad hard but let's see you go hard off yik yak !! #getwithit 
I almost died yesterday 
I'm not like the rest of you
I wish I had someone to text until I fall asleep ?
Part of me wishes I was still in a poly relationship. Meeting new potential partners is fun.
Just realized what double tapping ^ dose #ImRetarded
Everyone is all like &quot;going to the gym&quot; and I'm over here like &quot;yes I would like a shake with my double cheeseburger and large fries&quot;
I always see this girl at the library who is so pretty and had such a cute laugh and smile.. I wish I had the balls to sit near her and try to talk to her 
My Roommate is at the gym and I'm pigging out Shanghai in bed.... There are 2 types of people 
Nothing like sitting back and playing COD for the rest of the night
100 up likes and I'll sing god bless America at 1 am on the gaebe grass in a speedo
New England in a nutshell: forecasting 75 on Weds, chance if snow Saturday night 
Does anyone actually listen to music older than 2000? It's far better than what we have now
Yak for the hell of it because yakarma points are very important...well emotionally 
Living in the city ain't where it's at. It's like trying to find gold in a silver mine
Providence is really pretty sometimes, we have been having pretty sunsets! 
You know you're in college when you smell a water bottle first to check if its vodka
The best music has already been made.
Any bi guys in the cove? 
Being cremated is my last chance for a smoking hot body
I woke up this mornin and got myself a beer
There's this really hot girl sitting next to me love at first sight she's amazing 
The weather here in Providence is sooooo bipolar!!!
I love you like sin, but I won't be your pigeon 
Started off the year with a goal to lose 10 pounds. Only 20 more to go. 
Id rather get hit by a car than shot #providence
Idk which is worse my grades or my social life 
Druuuuuuunk
??????????????????????????????????yik 
I just want to be held.. I'm a guy 
4rrrrrrrr
Guy behind me on the bus is playing the power rangers theme song ??
Knock knock Who's there? Doctor Doctor Who  
People need to get their life's together pathetic... 
People that yak about certain people they want to fuck in public, grow a pair and actually say something..
I miss her
It's late October.  I think it's time to retire the fucking short shorts and gym shorts.  My God.
Holding my crushes hair back while she gives another dude head
Yakking it up in here
Why can there be any nice girls at JWU!! 
Life goal: to be just as loved as pizza 
Work so fucking much my greatest fear's ima die alone- logic 
Haha it is so funny when people sing to the song on the JWU bus out loud
Don't say you're going to do something if you aren't going to fucking do it.?
To masterbate or not to masterbate. That is the question
College is easy. Its like riding a bike &amp; the bikes on fire, the grounds on fire, everything's on fire because you're in hell. ??
I need a blunt
I woke up like this... Ugly
Both classes cancelled today... Thank you Monday! 
I hate people who text you and then when you reply, they don't... Like y would u txt me in the first place?
just found out i have a test on my birthday :/ 
Walking my crush across campus at night so that she can see her booty call
Kiss me already you fool 
Scary movies, popcorn and my bong :) could a girl ask for more lol
White girls buying weed be like &quot;do you have that pumpkin spice Kush&quot;
Now a days I wouldn't mind waking up in a pre-owned Bugatti 
Maybe girls would be more willing to give head if cum were pumpkin spice flavored 
Do you think the CEO of Bing ever said, &quot;Hell, I don't know, why don't you Google it- WAIT FUCK&quot;
This guy just put salt on his salad omfg
So where are the party's going to be at for Halloween ? ??
Welcome to college. You will spend the same amount of money on pot and alcohol as tuition costs
You never had me. You never had your car!
Bye bye hairdressers! Good fucking riddance... 
Quick what are the cons of starting a DBol cycle?!
You would never say what you YaK in real life so quit being whiny bitches about loving him 
My roommate thinks I care about her weird corset obsession and I don't! 
Feels so good to have gotten that long Lit paper done!!
25 more minutes?
That awkward moment when you're judging someone so hard on their outfit &amp; then they compliment yours... ?
Light opperators in the Empire state building trippin hardcore
When you sneeze while taking a piss and it all stays in the toilet
Going to a business school: Gorgeous men in suits. ?
Girl code at FIT!!! 
Who wants to play?
Everyone drop your IG 
Every time I make eye contact with you I just want to say I LOVE YOU
Come buy shit at best buy 
In your opinion, what are the best/worst things about living in the city? 
18 Male Straight Instagram: lilbuud Follow if u horny tryna get some. Good looking and live in a very nice apt
Hate making eye contact with hot guys because I can't tell if they think I'm attractive or if they're making fun of how ugly I am. 
If you're a white guy with black rimmed glasses, 5?clock shadow and dress very earthly.  There's a 11/10 chance I want to sit on your face. 
Boobs are awesome and so versatile. 
If life gives you lemons drink fucking tequila 
Hey girl , how was your day ? 
I like grunge boys who look like they're about to die.
I hate having night classes ? wish me luck. 
So I just saw a crackhead waking around with a cat sitting on his head asking for money 
I hate my baby face so much
My basic secret? I love pumpkin spice lattes 
Getting a low score on a test you swore you passed with flying colors : worst feeling ever ?
What the fuck am I doing?
&quot;There's something about choking a girl while fucking her... I'll do it but my heart isn't in it.&quot; #overheard@pace
No matter how old I am, whenever I have a crush, I always revert back to that awkward 14-year-old
I guess it's makeover time for babbio
British guy on the 11th floor though... 10/10 would bang 
my favorite place to check new yaks is the subway
About to fuck a guy who I met on Tinder, wish me luck guys. 
When someone says &quot;bae&quot; I cringe 
I haven't had a straight guy friend since elementary school. Is there something wrong with me?
I just want a goth girl to be with lol 
I haven't had a straight guy friend since like elementary school. Is there something wrong with me?
Dying to have a rooftop party
I can't remember what it's like to have a guy friend fuck u fashion school 
I hate when I walk out of a class and realize I didn't learn anything
What if i don't want my costume to be slutty? 
best thing about seeing someone who doesn't go to your school is you can look like lettuce all day and they'll never know
That was so corny.
Anyone else cry today #stressed 
Sometimes I like to put on a fuzzy sweater and smear peanut butter on my ass
This 8tracks play list is really life rn
My friend had a massive nose bleed in my dorm. #EbolaAtFIT
Take the train they said, it'll be faster they said 
God bless the public bathroom in Burlington, you're the true MVP ?
Coughing 3 straight times and then holding it in to avoid a fourth one 
Crush has a fwb but nothing relationship related... Pursue or naw?
if ur a girl, up this yak! (curious about how many other girls use yik yak)
Who the hell teaches a new lesson right before they give out the midterm. WTF
men you must remember the ancient saying once a month when the river runs red take the dirt path home namaste
SET COURSE FOR INTERCOURSE 
Getting a seat during rush hour is like survival of the fittest 
I have a major fear of being clingy so I just end up coming off cold and careless. Idk which is worse ...
Taking up a machine at the gym for like 10 minutes is acceptable if you're actually using it but if you're just sitting and texting please get out of my trap house
I have 0 issue stealing books from the NYU book store. Amount stolen to date: $380- ish 
I guess it's over...eh she wasn't that great after all
Thank god for my mother. She actually keeps me sane. 
I find it weird my school building is right across from apartment buildings, I feel if I look into one the apartments I'll find someone fucking someone or something.
Always &quot;cute&quot; but never hot?
Did they cure ALS yet or did we do all those challenges for nothing ?
Pierce, ya came in clutch with that chocolate chip bread pudding
Overheard some girls saying that their costumes weren't slutty enough yet....Guess that's Halloween for ya! 
That moment when you get back home and can finally take a dump in peace but accidentally shit your pants on the way to the bathroom.
Am I wrong for crushing on someone else even though I have somebody 
Just got a paper cut on my hangnail. fml
My roommate just bought a fucking sloth... Where the fuck do you buy a fucking sloth...
Which guy in the caf is the drug dealer? 
Damn boy. I bet those arms can build my Ikea furniture. ?
Trying to study on the train for my exam and all of a sudden I hear &quot;SHOW TIMEEEE&quot;   What has my life come to 
Do white men really like black women? 
You know shits going down when you bring a blanket to bobst 
iPhone autocorrect be fucking my game up. I meant to text a female &quot;I wanna see you soon&quot; but sent &quot;I wanna see you son&quot;????
5 days till Halloween 33 days till Thanksgiving and 60 days till Christmas. Just hang in there!
I wish after work I was  headed  to your place for freaky sex &amp; spooning. You can whisper in my ear all the events of your day &amp; we'll fall asleep together. 
Can't decide if I'm attracted to these guys doing pirruets at union sq or what
NYU students are so full of themselves. Jesus Christ.
Im that annoying sick person in class right now who keeps sniffling. 
When I was a Freshman in High School I was like I'm never going to drink or smoke marijuana, but now as a Freshman in college I'm like, well I probably won't try heroin.
Friends who make you shop with them even though you're broke are not friends at all.
I have three meals a day: A bagel, a coffee, and Chipotle
I'm thinking of coming out to my roommates. I'm not gay. Just interested in how they would react. 
When you're the only one one in your group project on Adderall and everyone else refuses to stop talking about Chipotle and focus on the task at hand..
Only in Tisch would you see an Asian male with long blonde hair and a bow tie. 
Just bombed an interview. Explained asymptotic notation poorly and screwed up part of a solution to a whiteboard problem. Not my best performance, but I haven't tapped out of the fight. Sucks, though.
Who else hates blue books for tests as much as I do 
I feel like if my parents would have just put me in something when I was younger, I wouldn't be facing all the troubles I currently have in my life.
Why has this NYU class of 2018 not been deleted yet. We get it you have no friends go actually talk to people if you need some rather than sitting behind your computer 
Too damn poor for Denny's but I go anyway
Everyone listen to hunger of the pine by alt j
Just saw the cutest guy ? 
Double penetration seems like a miserable experience for all parties involved.
I just wanna fuck tonight love is overrateeed 
I swear if that girl shouts out the answers one more time before the teacher even finishes writing the equal sign ???????
Who wants to suck on some chocolate dick right now in ehs.  
The only way I can make it through the day is by planning a huge nap after all my classes
so now that i know how to identify basic bitches, how do i identify non-basic bitches? (assuming i am neither, so don't tell me to look in the mirror)
My yak game is NOT on point today 
Sex with the right person can be addicting as fuck.
When you imagine things you know ain't never gonna happen 
Is there any potential relationship being a guy's closest girl friend?
I have such a cute room I need a guy to share it with ?
Any other apps other than tinder? 
Gunna give my girl the bone hammer tonight... Happy anniversary 
So I'm wearing a sheer shirt with a tang top underneath and I wonder how long I was walking around with my nip hangin out..be a fuckin good pedestrian people..TELL ME lol
Just farted as a girl walked in the bathroom...keeping it classy
1 month till thanksgiving, we can do this
Not knowing whether I'm hearing sirens in my headphone or actual sirens #thestruggle
Forever hating the people that don't wipe the gym equipment off after they had their sweaty asses on it
The girls selling cup cakes at livi student center could get it
Lol @ freshman who think that pulling the yellow cord will actually stop the bus
90% of the time I'd rather listen to music than talk to people
The bitter life is the good life. 
*whispers to you during sex*  Don?t forget to rate, comment, and subscribe
I love my puppy because he'll never ever fight with me over the phone 
I like the idea of relationships, not actually being in one
I want to get from college ave to the Woodbridge mall tomorrow. do I take a bus or a train? do I pay for my ticket at the bus or train station? HELP
Everytime i hit my phone, i hear YAK YAK YAK
I dont open a window so my roommate has to smell my shits... Clean the bathroom you asshole 
Imagine squirrels without fluffy tails.  That's right. Rats. 
I'm having a the weeknd phase and I never thought I would
Dayum girl why u gotta pee so loud 
I have a 5-inch dick and get laid every weekend. Who says you can't is a fucking liar.
You're in college don't piss on the fucking toilet seat. It's barely ok when you're drunk.
4 hour classes should be prohibited by law
Lost my ID and key. Please tell me if someone found please tell me.  
Loving the smokers community, I bum boges but give away about the same, do it for the karma and love having a conversation with them as we smoke 
First and last time I take the EE bus
Lessons I've learned from gambling: don't gamble
Changing my pad in the girls bathroom and there's no pad\tissue disposal box in the stall -_-
No need to have the AC on full blast when it's almost November 
Anyone in Extinction trying to form a study group for the exam?
Bae is out there somewhere, ill find you eventually its only a matter of time
A yak with appears with -4....time to play God
Fuck a bitch on the parking lot last night. Best sex of my life.
All the Monmouth yaks are about how everyone's a sad virgin trying to get laid. Thank you RU for being so sexually evolved
When you have a paper due at midnight, but all you want to do is sit in your room and cry ?
Finally I have an apartment of course when I'm single. Where are all the nice, cool older guys at 
curiosity salted the snail
The feeling of joy I get when I see someone on a longboard wipeout is indescribable ?
What's on your mind?
Everyone always talk about these angry squirrels, but i've never seen one of them at rutgers ? 
mirror selfies make me uncomfortable. 
Trying to take a crap but there's another girl in the stall taking one as well #awkward 
Man it's been way to long since I last has sex lol. Can't do this
I can't study when I'm horny
I took physics as an easy science to take with Orgo.  I am now doing well in Orgo and between failing and having a 0 in physics. 
Found my first yik yak that was directed at me, would be awesome if it wasn't somewhat of a negative post
I got bored and just put like five sticks of gum in my mouth. 
straighteners are not worth your money, I've been using one for three weeks and I'm defiantly still a lesbian 
Oops! I was definitely supposed to catch up on some reading for class 
Does the Starbucks on livi have non rutgers wifi ??
Fuck all these &quot;today was a long day&quot; yaks....its 7 o'clock....if your day is over right now it is not even close to a long day
*60 people have voted on your yak *55 up votes &quot;Well fuck you guys..&quot; 
The ricotta stuffed crepes at Neilson are on point 
When your roommate gets an attitude....where did that stick come from?
Bitches hating on my half faced snapchats ?
What am I doing tonight??? Starting a new fucking Pok?mon game
Today flew by and I couldn't be happier 
Broke out my uggs and northface 
Where can I get adderall
I'm so cold in my dorm I'm just laying in my bed snuggling with my blankets 
if somebody writes my expository essay for me, I will f*** you so hard you won't be able to walk. I'm a girl, and I will grow a dick just to tear you apart.
I miss my mom
Time to go to my last class of the day! I am ready to go home 
Figure it out
I want my mom &gt;_&gt; so stressed. 
It's like my roommate found a list of all my pet peeves. 
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
So today I ditched micro, lost my virginity and ate a fat sandwich. Today was a good day
On the bus, got a girl to my left coughing without covering her mouth and a girl to my right with bad B.O. I'm prepared to die holding my breath.
Overheard these two asian chem majors talking about basic girls. One of them asked what's wrong with being basic. The other replied their pH levels are too high.
I just played the most intense game of uno ever. My friend somehow got a +18 combo on me and fucked me over but forgot to say uno so I said it. Then after 20 mins of battle I beat him.  
Anybody watch The Walking Dead? Im still disturbed by the fact that the terminus people were eating his leg in front of him, while he was alive. Too fucked up.
blue Hyundai sport car thing on stone street, your lights are on!!
The first lady bug I found in my dorm wasn't that weird but after the 10th I'm a little concerned 
Bitch you rejected 3 guys already what makes you think I will ask you out even though I like you
Hopefully I don't bubble in the wrong id # on this orgo exam Sunday and get 5 points off. Only in the orgo department do you find tests with scores below 0. 
Why does racism exist, why can't we all get along fuck. 
Overheard in livi dhall: &quot;OMG DID YOU GET MY SNAPCHAT?? I was watching desperate house wives!&quot; ... Guess which race and gender the speaker was...
The person sitting next to me popped up on tinder and I swiped left so hard. I think they saw.. Help
That Planet Earth exam was seriously unfair 
Boy in my class who always stares at me.. Say something to me already
when you're in a public place but are about to have a breakdown&lt;
Woke up from a nightmare of my fat friend fucking one of the hottest girls I know. What do I make of this?
I probably look creepy af sitting in my car  alone right now 
#buttgers
Commuter = no friends on campus fuck my life 
Playing music and putting on a show in your dorm to avoid doing an essay &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
How the hell is it already the last week of October 
Is anyone else having trouble entering the lottery?
That moment when you find out who this chick had sex with and she becomes less attractive...but you'd still smash
Are brower shits a real thing? I hardly ate there and you know.. Currently yaking from the pot
I'm reading your palm &amp; it says it belongs on my butt 
This room is too hot, dying in here 
Warning for anyone in Daiphas sociology class, the lecture hall is about million degrees today 
Some guy tried to boot my car, luckily I ran up right b4 he was able to put the boot on and almost ran that motherfucker over...100 happy days
Mmm that one bite of a sandwich where all the ingredients are in the perfect ratio and the planets align for a moment 
When a person in the library takes a while table for themselves when there's personal study desks upstairs #fuckyou
Can this bitch on the lx stfu, loud ass
I don't develop feelings often but on the rare occasion I do they're either taken or uninterested ?
All these positive Brower yaks make me feel like that weird girl who was in love with Brower on fb finally got yikyak
Hold the person that you love closely if they're next to you. The one you love, not the person that'll simply have sex with you
I really feel like &quot;bae&quot; is someone's typo gone viral...
Sauce just told me the color of her underwear. I might have to transfer.
Is it insensitive to make Brenda's got a Baby the alarm for me to take the pill? 
Hearing the AVI guys singing anaconda...
fyi there's chicken in the tofu in vegetarian...
so... any girls gonna ask me out? 
Freshman girl on x-country with the brown wavy hair, can u get any more perfect 
That awkward moment when sauce lady makes eye contact ...game over 
whoever has the blue bmw in south 2, your lights are flashing
Contender for worst peirce dinner of the year rn
What the fuck is common hour
All this weather makes me want to do is get really stoned and lay on the grass. 
well it's that time of day already ?
Can we just agree to have a bye week from school and have a five-day pregame for Halloween ?
The budget for all if Kenyon housing could not have been more than $50
Completely entranced by the squirrel outside my window. Sad to see him go
Only at kenyon do I feel that wanting to serve in the military is looked down upon. 
Doodling in class would be so much more fun if I was actually good at drawing 
if you don't chew big red then fuck you 
To all the Kenyon guys, how would you feel if a girl asked you out? 
something something fuck asian beetles
if every single asian beetle in the world died there would be zero negative consequences
Tibet's yak game is probably stronger than Denison's
The ol' &quot;you used to fuck my roommate now he hates you but I always thought you were alright&quot; nod of acknowledgment 
*dont buy drugs with birthday money from grandpa* *dont buy drugs with birthday money from grandpa* *dont buy drugs with birthday money from grandpa* 
If it weren't for the Asian beetles there'd be no one crawling up my pants 
Dear track and field coach, Please make sure that recruit you were showing around this morning goes here. Otherwise, it's going to be much harder for me to marry her.
I need a weekend after that weekend 
riddle me this peirce. why do you insist that a typical college student prefers corn flakes over frosted flakes. give me my frosted flakes dammit
The examples for &quot;peeking&quot; on yik yak are USC, and Tibet. I can't imagine Tibet's Yak game is strong. 
I am many things but, an English major, I am not.
Just heard a black dude call a squirrel a &quot;squigga&quot;
Everyone is finding their significant others but I'm over here like I can't find my other sock. 
Be more than me drunk hookup 
The feeling when you finally get to piss, after having to hold it for the last 30 min of class, is truly rapturous. 
The bro wearing the Cosby sweater is on top of the fashion game right now. 
Zach Morrow is pathetic 
Last years graduating class spends more time in Peirce than I do
How do you even dress for 43 degree weather that will become 70 degree weather? #ohioproblems 
If you're wondering whether or not I wore this yesterday... I did. If you're wondering why it's Cuz I couldn't give any less fucks. #seniorstatus
Football freshman: Why can't we win a game??   Senior: You don't understand, this is how it's always been!
Can we all agree they are the aclands not the acKlands
Biking on gaskin at 2 a.m. Pothole Dodging: expert level
Why you gotta be in my dreams like that?
Acklands turned into a war zone
I can work with asian beetles in my room but house centipedes? Fuck this.
Shark bait oo ha ha!
I remember when I was a freshman and had time to read the New York Times
Less delivery cars outside ad side of old Kenyon... Is it a weed or money shortage? 
Currently seeking a female cuddle buddy. Can't offer much compensation but my bedding is super soft.
I always love fall time burgers and hallowieners BB-Qs. Hot dogs roasting be on an open fire- shit im ready for Christmas already
I've been telling all my classmates that I've been making progress on our paper... In reality, literally just reviewed the prompt. Here we gooooo!
You're cooking bacon while I'm trying to fall asleep? Dammit I'm hungry now
I clean my house on two occasions: when I bring a girl home and when my mom comes to visit. I don't know how to feel about this
When bae asks if you want head and you just like  ?\_(?)_/?
Fuck her right in the personality 
Hey kenyon, today I made a poopy all by myself!
Gotta love how the swim team talks about how bad swimcest is and then every time Saturday rolls around...
No matter how inarticulate my thoughts were on my paper, I deserve and A and should not be ashamed because I had the courage to turn it in. 
&quot;Every case of Ebola in this country has come from people helping other people. Don't worry, republicans, you're in the clear.&quot;
I remember when iTunes songs were $0.99 
Well, I guess we were all stupid to expect the Thrill to post something that wasn't ridiculously self-congratulatory 
I'm glad I'm not the only one that thought the thrill article was hilariously contradictory.  Don't feel ashamed no matter how stupid you sound. Good to know Thrill. 
Thrill article: &quot;We shouldn't feel ashamed and berated no matter how inarticulate our thoughts are&quot; Gtfo bitch. You just proved the OPs point #RespectfulDifferenceOnlyWhenItFitsYourAgenda
Pray for Dennison ?. Nothing happened, people just go there. 
Should have worked on my lab report. Instead, say in bed watching Cheers and playing Ocarina of Time. I regret nothing. 
How is it possible to have so much yet still be so sad
I need a mental health day. Or five. 
An author for The Thrill posting an article patting herself on the back for a comment she made on an &quot;offensive&quot; Kenyon Confession and somehow #respectfuldifferences is involved too? Dear God ?
I'm involved with 2 women at once. The girl from home I call &quot;ex-gf im not over who I still drunk text&quot;, and the other I call &quot;cute girl on campus I'm too scared to talk to&quot;. Yeah, its hard to balance
I fell in love with you the way my phone loses battery; slowly and then all at once
Constant struggle between deciding if I should finish a paper or the inner urge to be a stripper
Bears beats Battlestar Galactica!
My mom &quot;do you want me to mail you a Halloween outfit? I can pick you up one&quot; my mind: ........ 
Why are they called apartments if they're so close together? 
It's Sunday Night And I'm Home Alone Again, Jacking Off To Objectivist Novels... Only Ayn Rand Truly Understands Me
Hey guys aren't you happy to see me
A watched pot never boils. Doesn't speak fluent Italian either and probably can't catch a football. Basically useless as a magician's assistant as well.
Poorly-made horror movies make for some of the best comedies. 
Overheard in Peirce &quot;seriously dude, your new hair cut makes you look like an extra in Rent.&quot;
Mom, my grades would be a lot better if I didn't have to spend 3 hours a day killing Asian Beetles.
Does anyone in caples have a wine opener 
50% of yik yak is sexual tension.
&quot;That goalie's really stressed out...kind of like mom.&quot;-child watching KCMS :'(
Who is wearing the frog head at the men's soccer game?
Guys that smell really nice....??
Laying in bed staring at the cracks in the ceiling. I can't believe you pooped in the condom.
Here's to the sheriff and condoms, two things I won't be fucking with tonight. 
Validation of your self worth can't be determined by others. 
What is going on at the Horn
Tennis boys please turn your music down a little but. It won't ruin your party.   -other athletes who need sleep 
My condolences goes to the kid who just got skunked.
Wondering how a staple got in my shoe when we have such a limited number of staplers 
True friends help you kill the army of 30+ Asian beetles that have infested your room on a Friday night 
Fuck fuckity fuck fucking fuck this week. Time to get HELLA turnt two days in a row
Gibson Oakley come home. 
Is every guy on campus extra cute today or am I just ovulating??  
Can you imagine what the trustees looked like when they were here?  And can't you just tell which ones were swimmers.
Listening to Disney music whole working out at the KAC.   Get in line,  ladies.  
Registrar ladies, I know you love lunch but you're late and people have places to be. 
Those neighbors that just won't shut the fuck up...we don't get even we get ahead
Peirce French vanilla coffee is surprisingly good. 
Dropped my class and now i don't have a block to switch into. #blockorphan
 Embarrassed to run at the gym cause I can only run 30 sec at a time. Learning to run sucks. 
Tigernet, I'm gettin real tired of your shit. &quot;Playback timed out&quot;? This means war. 
Jesus is my savior.  I respect homosexuality
Boys are dumb 
421!!!  Dubs dubs
My roommate just successfully got on to papercut in Tutt!
That moment you accidentally down vote and can't undo it
When I find a girl that rolls blunts equal to mine I'll be ready to fall in love
As much as I wish that my educated and peaceful interaction will change the hate protestors opinions they're hoping there more aggressive style will change mine. Lose lose
Finally figured out Papercut and feeling like a true champion. 
My boyfriend facetimes a girl I don't know behind my back and she calls him when we're together and she's drunk, should I worry?
Contemplating what fantasy I should surprise my boyfriend with on Halloween ?
First time I've ever come to this class on a Monday...
Fuck jihads
When the toilet seat's still warm courtesy of yur boy
&quot;Expect 5 hours of homework a night,&quot; he said. And then I cried.
In just four and a half days I have forgotten how to do work....eff.
I'm a Christian and I was offended by the worner guys. 
Read me the lyrics to monster mash and tell me it's not about fat people fucking, I dare you.
&quot;That beer you're drinking is just a chocolate coated bloody tampon&quot;  Thanks conservatives. I really appreciate it. 
Fuck you pay me
I will be your slutty nurse for Halloween if you let me. 
Vegan muscle team or vegan muscle scream?
Too much blow and the cock won't grow 
CC makes me black out like nothing else. Damn youuu
Be G G G
Latinas do everything better 
Wake and bake, 2 pm
Guys, these assholes aren't representative of real Christianity. Real Christianity is all about love, compassion, and peace. Don't take these dudes as representative.  
Is there a protest? 
Listen you guys, we probably are all going to hell.
Guy holding up the you deserve to go to hell sign.... You actually probably deserve to go to hell 
If all the CC kids got sent to hell do you think we would still have Classy Wednesday with Satan???
Longboard in garden of the gods
If your biggest problem was the bookstore line then STFU. 
A smart, well versed cc student is going to hell over a homeless person calling me a whore.... Lol
Jesus definitely did not support capitalism
To The women holding the whore sign... Great use of colors. Well done.
The laundry machines here are like women. They say they'll be ready in one minute but they really mean 5. 
Pretty proud that instead of ignoring these people or yelling at them CC kids are going up to them and arguing their views peacefully. Hopefully they get the message.
A Subaru with a VT license plate, a NOLS sticker, and a roof rack with a bong sitting on the dash...
This yak might cost you your life. Don't Yik Yak and drive.
This weathers got my nipples way to hard.
Sorry for these idiots 
if all of cc is going to hell we're gonna have a damned good time there
Hot damn! I love a nice chilled snak-pak.
Charitable acts don't make you a saint, you've slept with too many people for that. Keep doing you. 
Just ran into a pine tree on campus reading yaks #staysafekids
I already knew I was going to hell but thanks for the reminder anyways. 
I think I've officially perfected the awkward walk-jog combined with the spastic &quot;thank you&quot; hand gesture to get across Cascade 
When your computer science teacher doesn't know how to work the projector, uh oh
Just giving ranting homophobes attention validates their opinions, go do something better with your time 
Diarrhea at school is literally one of the worst things one can experience. 
Live like you want the assholes outside worner to picket your funeral 
Smh at the bunch of crusty ass radical Christians telling me I deserve hell outside of worner. That is not the message of Christianity 
Be the crystal to my meth so I know it's real
A math major told me about sin once
Teacher: good morning class  Girl: I have a boyfriend
Legend has it if you plant a pumpkin spice latte, a sorority will grow.
Almost grabbed a bag of bagels instead of my backpack
God bless u folks with the &quot;happy bigot day&quot; sign. I lol'ed
Ill burn one in hell too
If you stop to talk to the godbangers on the corner, you're just a self-righteous obnoxious asshole. You're not going to convince them of anything, so don't make them feel they're making a difference.
Horngry at work 
I heard ice is no longer available at DU's cafeteria. The senior that knew the recipe graduated
I'm going to tell my professor tomorrow that I didn't do the homework because the line was too long in the bookstore
The history department needs to stop living in the past 
Will I get through this line before my afternoon class?
My anxiety is flaring 
Awww h-e-doublehockeysticks
The sound of crunching leaves is so satisfying. 
Cutting in line at bookstore may be the shittiest thing to do. And everybody sees you, if you think you're being slick.
I praise jah every day
&quot;Ah! You got kimchi in my hummus&quot; -CC lunch in a nut shell 
The line to get into hell is probably shorter
You're all going to hell.
Just might finish todays reading while waiting to pay for my book
How am I supposed to succeed if my drug dealer is consistently more reliable than the bookstore?
First Monday and I'm already exhausted. Let's do this.
Unreal lines in the bookstore
If you go outside Worner now you can see the epic clash between liberal CC and conservative C Springs. 
How is it possible to get a -3 on a placement test?
They changed all the white paper towels to brown ones. That's so CC 
My sheep shack is in ship shape ya baa-aaa-aaaish 
To the guy outside Worner telling people they are going to hell, no one gives a shit
Our eyes met and it was love at first rhyme.
Im not going to hell im going to rasty fool
Being hungover and forgetting to bring your Nalgene to class 
stressed, depressed, and not even well dressed because i'm too lazy to do laundry
Just rescheduled my financial aid appointment so I could make my IM soccer game. Priorities are in order. 
Why do people think that telling CC students they're &quot;going to hell&quot; is effective 
Tell me you have a boyfriend at the beginning of the night, not the end 
An endless horde has been unleashed upon the bookstore
Mondays make my penis hurt
When you leave your mug in the department and your prof brings it to class, with coffee, their coffee. 
Went to the wrong class. Left after ten minutes. It was the right class...
Is it acceptable to go to chipotle at 10:30am?
Got so high before class I forgot where a building was.. Monday you win again
?  ?   Shit, my balloon 
Guys that wear clogs must be great swimmers cause they have to swim through tidal waves of horny women all day
Paulo Iza got reported for raping two different girls last month and I still see him with a new one every day
Mines sucks you're all stupid
The clouds look phenominal currently. 
Didn't get hired after college. #JustCUthings
Can I just say I'm ecstatic about only having Econ left to take after this semester that isn't major specific? Other than a couple LAIS electives I'm pure math and CS from then on out. ?
Girls look so disoriented on skateboards. 
I feel like half the freshman that talk about 3rb would date her, cause they're lonely af. 
Apparently adenine and thymine mate...
Do I need a c in calc 3? Chem e?
Slate- &quot;I hope my horrible ugliness won't distract you from your meal&quot; Me- &quot;Not at all boy. *sniffs* DEEEAAAUUGGGHHHH!!!!!!&quot;
Caster is literally handing out gold stars??
What the fuck is wrong with these freshmen? Why do they think it's okay to bully some girl on the Internet? The freshmen need to grow up and quit being fucking assholes. 
Whoever printer two copies of their iTunes terms and conditions on my printer can go fuck themselves. 
Getting more sleep on weekends than weeknights #mineslife 
Taking a nap without setting an alarm is like having sex without a condom, it is scary as hell but feels so damn good. 
Sometimes I just look outside and think to myself &quot;One day I will appreciate that I got incarcerated by this school in such a beautiful state&quot;.
This bitch literally just said, &quot;I'm doing mechanical because I hate physics&quot;.
When you're late to class because you were trying on your ski boots and then realized you couldn't get them off...
Every time my club advisor talks, I just want to punch him in the face. You are not better than the rest of us.
You know that scooter's height can be adjusted right? Now you look like a nerd and an idiot at the same time
Sitting in class thinking &quot;Lol CU kids would never understand this.&quot; Only to realize I don't understand this 
I feel like I'm missing out all this talk about things in Seger's class 
If you were in the stall of a bathroom on campus and noticed the locking mechanism was broken and locked you in, would you crawl under immediately or wait till the bathroom was empty?
Maybe if I knee her chair.. Just one more time... She'll tell me she has a boyfriend. 
S/O to everyone at mines on yik yak. This is the coolest community for bringing a ton of random people together to make jokes and everything else
Yes Seger please keep talking about vibrating 
&quot;The legendre polynomial is a thing&quot;
Whats the indeed count?
I like how seger didn't put his sweater back on
Finding Nemo Masturbating
Yak blows up as soon as 3RB opens her mouth lol 
Grocery bingo tonight at 7pm in Brown W280!!! Win free food!!! Did I mention free food?
what if tattoos appeared on your body throughout life and you had to figure out their significance?
Wtf is an abbreviation
#RuinAMovieTitle Magic Mark
The only reason I'm pissed about her opening her mouth today is because she gave false information. You can change your language to pirate any day. 
3RB bringing up everything no one cares about
Tbh if he was 30 years younger I would marry Seger
Arrrgon
Seger's stripping in chem today. #MagicMark
3RB wants a closer look at Seger
Don't try to tell me what I like Seger
&quot;You don't want to see a 55 year old guy get too far&quot; as he takes his shirt off
I BEEN FEELIN' DRY... BABY!!!! As Seger shows off his goods. 
Seger doing a strip tease 
Man knows how much his grams weigh. 
Since there are so many bonds in the molecules of my body, would that mean that I have potential?
&quot;Because you put a red line under it&quot; ? not
This school probly sends so many emails just to make us feel more popular
When you overestimated the curve. Fuck my life.
Hold the phone everybody, I just experienced a MIRACLE. I finished my shampoo before my conditioner. Like whoa. Also this will possibly be my biggest accomplishment this month...
Tf did Jaden do guys???????
&quot;a.k.a.&quot;, also known as, &quot;also known as&quot;.
We all thought math got bad when letters were starting to be used. Now we use more letters than numbers. 
Ready to get high on life... And caffiene. #SegChallenge #RedBull
Whenever I feel bad about not being efficient, I just remind myself that leaves are only 3% efficient, and that im better than that, on good days
To the yik yak community at large, do you think anyone has ever had sex in Marquez??
Its okay to be closed minded, just don't be an asshole about it. Its cool if you're open minded, just don't be an asshole about it. The conclusion? Just don't be an asshole.
Seger really wasn't having any of that 13 year old's shit. 
Jaden's backpack is bigger than he is 
Please continue to walk down the stairs right next to your buddy and take up all the room
Was playing Sims. Bought cargo shorts. Didn't even get pussy slayer achievement
Liar liar plants for hire
At Mines there is an implied don't ask don't tell policy about test scores. Don't break it. 
S/O to the kid who got a 39 on Falconer's test. We're rooting for you. 
&quot;Trivia Time!&quot; When is it not in econ?
You might be smug wearing shorts today but I'm just glad I can finally wear sweatpants without having to change halfway through the day 
The moment when the police officer behind you starts checking his phone because your driving is so damn boring. #ridingdirty
8 am to 2 pm with an hour lunch break or 11 am to 4 pm no break? 
I find it amusing when people get offended at posts on here. Like it could be your best friend posting it sarcastically.
The loncapa homework for phys 1 this week is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. Yay for surveys
Your imaginary friend saying &quot;well at least you have me&quot; when you're lonely isn't very reassuring.
Fuck that fluids quiz
Was every video with a voice over voiced by one guy in the 50s?
Where are the red bull girls now!?
Curse me and my inability to resist purchasing legend of Zelda paraphernalia.
Sir, please learn how to waistband your boner so I don't have to see it. Thanks.
S/O to the red bull babes comin through the library handing out free red bulls. #youdarealmvp
Econ high as fuck. Being history class and shit
Where the red bull girls at
Yep, Yik yak looks huge on a tablet.
I swear walking to and from PA is more exercise than actually being there
I don't know what's worse, slate or having to pay for my food all the time 
What's better then getting a free grande drink at Starbucks for filling out a survey? Getting a free venti cuz they messed up the order the first time around.
Hey freshmen, we really don't need an update every time Slate plays a song you like. 
Even as a ChemE, I know the Petros are the main reason we're so widely known.  Congrats on placing in the petrobowl!
The cool thing about Yik Yak is you can post a controversial Yak and an opposing reply to the same Yak and get Yakarma for BOTH 
Need to get DAT sub goin
I love being all wrapped in blankets and feeling like a carrot
Cold weather is here. Goodbye boobs
Anyone in compsci and wants on the Google doc should probably contact me
The RedBull girls are down by Hill Hall, go get some!
Mechanical or petroleum engineering and why? 
Its astounding. The top yak of the day is about making fun of Texas for being annoying and closed minded. Yet any yak about #GayPride gets downvoted to nothing. 
First time going to Econ in like three weeks.   
I wonder what cool new building they'll build in the ctlm parking lot
S/O to Colorado for finally feeling a little bit like fall. Took ya' long enough....
There's a lot less complaining on campus with the petros gone
I do all my homework from my hardest class in a CU notebook to make myself feel better about being stupid.
Created a Humans of New York spinoff for mines. Anyone want to help me with it? 
Being surrounded by so many other introverts has turned me into an extrovert. 
Trying to download something on the Blackhall internet is like trying to squeeze out the last little bit of toothpaste out of the tube 
Home is where the tequila 
Wore an American Eagle hoody out trying to be a &quot;high schooler&quot; for Halloween and now all these people think I'm &quot;cool&quot;
Now that everyone's back the Blackhall wifi is as shitty as ever
I don't know how people dont like Jaffa cakes....
Is getting takeout everyday for a week bad?? (Asking for a friend)
actually missed the dublin yak game this weekend tbh 
There's always a little sadness when the food your parents shipped over starts to get smaller and smaller in size 
I now remember why I've been avoiding alcohol for two weeks
The fact is that it was the best thing ever when you get to see the same thing as the first place in the morning and the other day and night with the best way of saying that he had a good idea to be 
That dominos pizza tasted like America and an orgasm all at once 
I want a whole pumpkin pie, a soft blanket and a movie 
fuuuck I want a mcflurry 
Smokes? It's Dublin 6, ffs.
Uh...something about how sexually frustrated I am, and how little work I'm doing #nailedit #Yakingisfun 
Micro penises turn me on ;)
To whoever is blasting Florida Georgia Line &quot;Tell Me How You Like It&quot; in Glenomena, I am not totally singing along to it in my room &lt;3
&quot;I just want to see a hard micro penis!!!&quot;
All I want is a beer and a blow job but all I'm getting is an essay 
Monday: drinking an entire bottle of 3.50? champagne from Spar.
Black friend asked me I'd there was a colored printer he could use, I said it's 2014 man- you can use any printer you want now.
weird how much i missed my shitty little bed &amp; dorm room but i did ??
Looking at my bank statement is like a flash back to the Great Depression. #TheStruggle
I don't care where I am or what I'm doing, if I hear Thriller playing I must do the Thriller dance. 
How the fuck do you use the heater in glenomena. I accidentally just rolled over in bed and poked two holes into my flatmates room with my nipples. 
Good places for a girl to get a haircut?
Grocery list consists of toothpaste and Tesco dark rum. I know I'm missing stuff. 
Have some shots, you make better decisions when you're drunk. 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
I see the Yak game was bad while everyone was away on bank holiday trips 
i have known no greater joy than sleeping in till 12 on a monday
If your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, then your pants are tucked into your shirt.
Seeing all these incredibly fit runners go by, when you've had leftover pizza for breakfast...
My morning run has been horribly inconvenienced by this marathon
Stupid audible crossing signs. You hear the beeps.. But how does the blind person know which road is safe to cross??
Heads up: Macnas Halloween parade starts at 5pm today around the city centre. It's free and cool. 
My right elbow has never been touched by my right hand.
The last thing I want to be right now is awake
Regrets 
No doubt in my mind the happiest part of my day is when drunk me finally gets under the covers 
Did anyone else just see that huge green shooting star?
Currently at the Palace. Wrong move. What's the play tonight?
Love/Hate made me cream my jeans
Mom: &quot;did you drink tonight&quot; Me: &quot;jakalklslamdnnalanx&quot; Mom: &quot;my dear god&quot;
Drunk me is the me I really want to be. Confident, hilarious, and most importantly, drunk. 
Can't wait to go home just so my dad can cook for me again 
&quot;What are vagina wedges?&quot;... Ordering dominoes is a struggle.
Tonight I'm gonna drop cash like Mozart dropped the bass. He didn't. 
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica. 
Bears and beer
Looking for an Irish girl to hook up with. Willing to sacrifice hotness for fluency in Irish language and willingness to do my Intro to Irish homework for me.
Basic bitch (Ireland style): head to toe Penny's outfit, Tesco vodka, Starbucks PSL. 
Not having a dealer in Ireland when I've already been living here over a month is not ok
&quot;Who do you believe in?&quot;- drunk political crisis 
I walked off the plane and i was already drunk...i love Ireland 
I got engaged in Ireland. I love it here. It's beautiful. 
Thank God for all these street signs that tell me which direction to look for cars when I'm drunk
One minute you're lying on the floor of the kitchen eatin' Doritos the next it's 3am and you've done nothing to benefit man kind that day. Or any day.
It's going down. I'm yelling Gingerrrrrrr!!!! You betta move, you betta dance!
I NEED WEED 
Pizza is always the answer 
Eating way to much 2 euro pizza 
How to tell a guy you want to hook up with him.....
What is the point of those little ribbons that are sewn into your shirt? I always just have to cut them out!!! Pointless.
will trade vodka for pizza and curry chips please i'm serious i am too drunk to move 
It takes two. 
It could always be worse. You could be from communist Sweden 
Who the fuCK puts sweet potatoes in a burrito? #chipotlewhereyouat
Tickling either leads to kissing or an extreme act of violence  
We should all day drink in that cool park together 
How early is too early for a burrito?
Motivation to go to the gym...the hot guy working the desk. 
Shoutout to those others out there missing that special someone from home 
RD you network destroying whore. Seriously. 
Lookin rad feelin sad
Blackhall's a party right now
Life is fucking good...
That awk moment when your friend farts in a bar. Like no... Stop.
How can I be a functioning adult if (due to my inability to spell a word) I have to misspell it so badly that people think it's a joke. 'Yea I'll see you tommooroorw...ha?'
Staying home isn't all bad
Apartment to myself... I can fart with freedom ?
Eating salad to counteract the Nutella 
Why does it always smell like a fat shit on the bus??? Ya nasty.
When you're really stoned and your taxi driver won't stop trying to make small talk... 
I blame spin 1038 for everything wrong in Dublin 
When you're walking with your hands full and your hair keeps blowing into your mouth ?
why do people insist on spitting whatever repulsive lung butter they cough up, onto the pavement, I'm public? it's disgusting!
If Jameson is triple distilled, why is it only twice as smooth?
What psych essay?
Goin commando ?
Service Learning: where all I do is listen to old people and spend 40 minutes explaining the purpose of a hashtag 
I love when my flatmates go home for the weekend and leave a sink of dirty dishes as their parting gift 
When all your food is about to go off --&gt; friday eating marathon 
Irish people use forearm crutches instead of normal ones so I keep assuming everyone here has polio
Math makes me wanna take up smoking
E?a
Yeah if you could not blow your cigarette smoke directly into my face, that would be great 
When you ask what's there in Ireland- &quot;a castle, some hills, some sheep, it's really pretty&quot; o that sounds very different
Little ass burritos
Tolteca is life
Ucd Nuin hot people? 
To the hot girl in the back seat of the car in chick fil a making eye contact should've said something 
Kiss me. Please? 
When the guy you like isn't over the girl who rejected him&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; She doesn't want you dude! Come to me!
Don't look at me crazy when you and your husband holding a child decided to jump out in front of my car. Use a damn crosswalk. 
I hate Halloween
My butt keeps leaking, yet I continue to find myself in the chipotle line every day
Just saw a girl drop her iphone in the middle of the street and had a minor heart attack for her. 
Forever waiting for that special someone to text me back :(
Sleep all day, study all night 
My plants In the corner of my room saying &quot;water me&quot; but I am just fucking lazy ... Fml 
Can napping be a major? 
It's called a turn signal. Fucking use it. 
Sometimes when I have sex, I zone out and just lay there
This guy behind me has ONE more time to slurp his drink before I punch him in the throat ?
I just got too close to the ledge. I almost jumped. I feel so alone right now 
I need a new show on Netflix! Help! 
Confession I really didn't like football until I got here... RMFT 
Don't stick your dick in crazy.. 
Catch 22 would be a great place to get some dick. 
DAFUQ IS EVERYONE ON CAMPUS FOR. IDC IF ITS CLOSE TO HALLOWEEN--I GOTTA GET TO CLASS
If you're going to walk your kids across the street on a crowded campus, do it in a crosswalk.
The most frustrating thing about having a difficult teacher is knowing that no matter how many hours you study, you still probably won't make a good grade.
Just saw a sign with a lost cat on it ... If the cat run away it's by choice he hates u ...
Holding hands must be the college version of facebook official
Do sororities even throw parties? I'm sick of sorority girls thinking the only thing they need to bring anywhere is their pussy. Beer? Oh you have a pussy have some for free. Money? Same deal. Shirts?
I think I'm the only person who is terrified by Halloween
Damn, women are confusing. 
After I graduate college I will never eat scrambled eggs again... 
I got my own Crimson Tide going this week and it's not fun. Ladies you know what I mean
When the orgasm is so good you cant feel your upper body ?
D1 school, JUCO wifi
This bitch is walking in front of me in all PINK everything .... Bitch u guessing ... 
Considering hitting on the girls in the ridgecrest west kitchen, simply because whatever they're baking smells damn good. 
Josie's on a vacation far awaaaayyyyyy
I earned a nap today 
Its been 3 hours and i have all of 350 words for a 1750 word essay due wednesday, this fucking sucks
If you're in a relationship and all you do is cry everyday you need to stop and ask yourself, am I dating a human or an onion? 
I need a phone that has 500% battery life
To the guy with the extremely large Ford truck on campus: I'm sorry that you have a small penis 
Why would anyone willingly get married before 25. You have your whole life to be a grown up. Enjoy being young and free. 
I wish I could find more people to smoke with. 
Come to cold stone and support the cheerleaders! If you tip a dollar or more they'll sing. 
I can't tell if this guy is actually interested in me or if he just likes texting...He hasn't asked to hangout out yet but he has implied that we should. I'm thinking too much. Kms. 
There are days when you feel like a pink starburst, and then days where you feel like a yellow starburst. Which one are you having?
Put the pussy on the chainwax
Where I sit in lecture hall classes is directly proportional to how high I am 
LSU is like that band you know from 2011 that still thinks they're relevant today.
You know what seems odd to me? Numbers that aren't divisible by 2.
You took an hour to text back last night? You're waiting two hours today for my response bitch 
Some of the desperate for sex shit on yik yak has to go. Go out and get you some instead of talking about it
Why isn't there a line of trick or treaters at Gamma Phi? Prolly cus they ate all of the candy
The only thing you'd get on sorority row from trick or treating is an STD...
I hate girls who thinks they are better than other girls ....
Girl, take off those heels. You're 12. 
When a teacher says fall break is study fall break it's just the way of saying I'm not moving the test date 
Sorry kid. No costume, no candy. 
Mother nature must be a vols fan.
I had a guy text me and tell me thank you for not letting him cheat on his girlfriend with me. Gee thanks bud! 
Here's an idea: Don't wear an Auburn t-shirt on campus. 
To the boy in my legal studies class: pin me down on the floor and have your way with me 
Every day, I thank God for Alabama football, good beer, and the fact that I am not a Phi Psi. 
Trick-or-Treat on Sorority Row just keeps getting darker and darker as the sun sets 
I wish pot grew on trees
Sorority girls are almost as bad a squirrels when it comes to randomly running in front of my car. 
S/O to the old man at the Rec drying his butt off with a hand dryer in the bathroom 
Update: Texas A&amp;M still scoreless.
My biggest fear is an automatic door not opening for me
You can't spell slut without UT
I honestly truly can't stand my 3 roommates. Fucking rich ass bitches 
I scroll through Facebook some days just to see who as of recently has screwed their life up
To
I just threw up in a bush on campus. I hope nobody saw that 
When your boyfriend wakes up &amp; the first thing he does is grab your ass.   #praisethebooty 
I don't know if it's weird or cool that at any given moment I can assemble at least 6 'costumes' from my regular clothes. 
All these kids dressed up and going trick or treating are making me feel real old 
What should I get to eat 
Why are there so many fucking natives here 
Loch Ness monster is an a